Pham Hien, when did you start secretly practicing martial arts? Why didn't you tell me?
I don't practice martial arts.
I am just an ordinary person.
I do not believe.
If you don't practice martial arts, how can you pass?
Save Pose.
The leader of the free group thought that I was a person with strong internal strength, so the example was not bright.
While he may doubt me
What is more suspicious is his own mirror.
I am the leader of the Demonic Cult.
I have the guts to find him.
How can there be no internal force?
I wonder if the owner of the freedom sect will vomit blood after knowing the truth.
I tell you.
This is the power of the brain.
Great huh?
Strong.
So when do we get revenge?
You have to gather capable people first.
We'll change into minstrel clothes.
Go to martial arts convention
If not we will teach you two tricks.
Fortunately at the martial arts convention on the right
I can't practice martial arts.
If I could actually practice
With those martial arts secrets learned, I have long since become a martial arts master.
Why survive like this?
So if it is a martial arts convention, take the martial arts convention with you.
Didn't Pham Hien lose?
This attitude of yours is not right.
If you don't say anything, you'll lose.
I believe you will be the first.
I believe you too.
Heaven has a road, you do not go.
Hell has no entrance